she used to get in trouble all the time
and nearly he used to get in trouble too
because I don't know one of them getting
trouble in school another one to get in
trouble yeah what would you do I didn't
do nothing I went to school I didn't
care I didn't get in trouble I went to
school yeah you used to get kicked out
yeah there she get kicked out fight when
you get kicked out like a wound
dehiscence why I'm not a person teeth
out everybody came to me and found me at
school like Leticia your brother just
did it laughing I got the tooth I got
the two like where's my brother and it
was like he saw those walking okay I got
a t-shirt and didn't his finest and if
we gotta kick him out we gotta kick him
out I said it wasn't his fault like what
happened well you like you hit me first
I tried to tell him me I just hit him in
the mouth yep that's when his hand was
all messed up and he made me mad and I
made him suffer for like what was that
two days two or three days and wonder
his eye mouth I gotta go to the hospital
was all swollen and I felt his hand
about yeah I better take him get him
there I was on my way to work but I had
to take him they had to call the bone
specialist another dog hand doctor
something else his hand was so screwed
up if they said if I didn't get him in
when I did that infection was growing up
using the UH tenth grade tenth grade
the invasion was going up hits in that
room and they said I didn't get him
there when I did they would have to cut
it off so he understood how students for
like three days no wow yeah when they
have you like and they told him don't
you ever hear nobody in the mouth cuz
your mouth is the worthless stuff the
dirtiest part of your body when that
happened you know my coach he was like
well you ain't gonna be able to be in
the gym for some lunch I like know right
so I just go in there and work on my
left and then next thing you know that
left the left was stronger than the
right when I write I had to get the
right back strong you know I used to
watch rocky versus mr. t OH
haha I need the autumn lo hooks think of
price you are watching me would you try
me we'd be arguing over the TV because I
get tired of watching that I do it I'm
not watching this shit again that's
funny for you go by rocky I hate him
like he listened to Rocky the eye of the
tiger he didn't over like y'all know he
over there look at I mean look he
listened in a rocky up that was my
favorite movie Rocky
I used to stay watching Rocky I used to
know everything about the movies you
know and I used to just always work on
my hook like mr. key he hitting with the
hook so in the fight I go southpaw and I
used to catch him every single time with
that hook like dad come here mop mop hey
but my left my left wasn't that strong
you know but once once that happened and
I started turning South Pole and started
throwing my left hook and stuff then he
just got strong I got strong